Conditions mismatch (#1009)
gcovr/gcovr: doc/source/guide/merging.rst

- ``merge-use-line-max``: Allow same function on different lines, in this case use maximum line.
- ``separate``: Allow same function on different lines. Instead of merging keep the functions separate.

If you have differing number of conditions on the same line, the default behaviour is to abort.
With the :option:`--merge-mode-conditions` you can change this:

> - ``strict``: Abort if condition count differs for the same line (old behavior).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``strict``: Abort if condition count differs for the same line (default).
```

- ``fold``: Narrow the conditions to match the lowest count between the two coverage counts.

.. versionadded:: 6.0

   The :option:`gcovr --json-base` option.
   The :option:`gcovr --merge-mode-functions` option.

> .. versionadded:: 8.3

Reviewer: We replace the `NEXT` with the version if a new release is prepared.
```suggestion
.. versionadded:: NEXT
```
